# *Paper title*

by *authors*

> Fill out the sections below with the information for your paper.

This paper has been submitted for publication in IEEE/IFIP Network Operations and Management Symposium (NOMS 2024).

> Brief description of what the paper is about (the key points).
> You can include a main paper figure here also.  
*Caption for the example figure with the main results.*

## Abstract

> This study explores the application of Time Series GAN in a Programmable Data Plane for enhancing Reinforcement Learning within the context of computer networks, particularly in video applications. We address various challenges, including dataset augmentation, balancing, and extended RL training times in real setups. By leveraging synthetic data generated by TimeGAN, we accelerate experimentation, enhance dataset diversity, and simplify RL model training, ultimately evaluating TimeGAN's performance against real setups in resource optimization for PDPs using an RL agent. This research contributes by directly comparing GAN usage and real setups, bridging a gap in computer network literature, and highlighting a 99\% similarity in Quality of Service achieved by an RL model trained with synthetic data, affirming TimeGAN's potential as a valuable simulator without compromising RL training efficacy.

## Code implementation and references

> Briefly describe the software/scripts used to produce the results of the
> paper. The following is an example:

All source code used to generate the results and figures in the paper are in
the `code` folder.
The datasets used in this study is provided in `datasets`.
Figures of the results generated by the code are saved in `results`.
See the `README.md` files in each directory for a full description.

## Using the code

You can download a copy of all the files in this repository by cloning the
[git](https://git-scm.com/) repository:

    https://github.com/thiagocaproni/noms2024.git

or [download a zip archive](https://github.com/thiagocaproni/noms2024/archive/refs/heads/master.zip).

## Dependencies

> Depending on your project, the script might depend on several other packages
> to run. If using Python, you can use a '.yml' file specifying your dependencies.
> You can create one and place it in the repository so subsequent users take it
> and create a Python environment with all they need to replicate your results.
> This section should then describe how one can set up an environment with the
> dependencies necessary to run your code.

You'll need Python *3.9.16* to run the code.
You can set up an environment with all dependencies using an environment manager
like [Anaconda Python distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) which
provides the `conda` package manager.
Anaconda can be installed in your user directory and does not interfere with
the system Python installation.
The required dependencies are specified in the file `environment.yml`.

Run the following command in the repository folder (where `environment.yml`
is located) to create a separate environment and install all required
dependencies in it:

    conda env create

## Datasets

You can find the datasets used in this work in `datasets` folder.

## Reproducing the results

Activate the conda environment:

    conda activate ydata

or, on Windows:

    activate ydata

To build and test the software, produce all results and figures, follow these steps:

> Training the models

The training scripts are in `code/timegan/train`. In this folder there are two scripts: `timegan32.py` and `timegan64.py`. As detailed in our paper, we generated synthetic data for two different PDP scenarios: 32 and 64 packets in switch buffes size.

> Training the models

## License

All source code is made available under a BSD 3-clause license. You can freely
use and modify the code, without warranty, so long as you provide attribution
to the authors.

The manuscript text is not open source. The authors reserve the rights to the
article content, which is currently submitted for publication in the
JOURNAL NAME.
